---
title: Experiment Protocol
layout: default
parent: Research
nav_order: 2
---

# Experiment Protocol
## Objective:
```scss
- To investigate the influence of the hand condition (cleanness, etc.) on the microbiome collection
- To investigate and compare the bacterial adhesion properties of different materials.
```

---

## Concerned Pathogens:
- Listeria monocytogenes:
One of the three zero tolerance organisms for ready to eat foods in the United States. It is catalase-positive and oxidase-negative. 
- Escherichia coli O157:H7: 
Escherichia coli O157:H7 Escherichia coli O157:H7 is a serotype of the bacterial species Escherichia coli and is one of the Shiga toxin–producing types of E. coli. It is a cause of disease, typically foodborne illness, through consumption of contaminated and raw food, including raw milk and undercooked ground beef.

---

## Apparatus and instruments:
### Media:
- PALCAM agar plates: It is a selective differential medium for the isolation and detection of Listeria monocytogenes and other Listeria species from foods samples. 
- Petrifilm E. coli/Coliform Count Plate:The Petrifilm E. coli/Coliform Count (EC) Plate is a ready-made culture medium system designed to facilitate counting coliforms and E. coli

### Materials:
- Hemp
- Organic Cotton
- Bamboo
- Linen
- Tencel

### Methods: (Needs to be refined)
- Lay one hand on a agar plate and the Coliform Count Plate for 5 seconds and uses it as a control group
- With the same method, lay hands on different materials that are cut in to the same size for 5 second. 
- Flame the inoculating loop and then take samples from different material surfaces and streak on the agar plates and as well as the petrifilm E.coli.
- Compare the cultured agar plates and petrifilm in terms of population and morphology.

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHSjJ_CrZ_w" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


